pages/8-contact.md, before:

---
layout: basic
title: "Contact"
header_transparent: true
permalink: "/contact/"

hero:
  enabled: true
  heading: "Contact"
  sub_heading: "We’re here for you."
  text_color: "#FFFFFF"
  background_color: "#1d2830"
  background_gradient: true
  background_image: "/assets/images/pages/banner-small.png"
  background_image_blend_mode: overlay
  fullscreen_mobile: false
  fullscreen_desktop: false
---

## Address

Our two addresses are just around the corner from each other:

- 35 Oakden Street, Greenway ACT 2900 (for ‘Stage 1’)
- 235 Anketell Street, Greenway ACT 2900 (for ‘Stage 2’)

You can find us on [Apple Maps](https://maps.apple.com/?address=9/35%20Oakden%20St%20Greenway%20ACT%202900%20Australia&ll=-35.421219149.073038&q=9/35%20Oakden%20St&t=m) or [Google Maps](https://maps.app.goo.gl/PmMT6aWhkqnXbuM36).

## Who do I call?

Our Building Manager has posted this notice in the entrances and lifts:

![]({% link assets/images/pages/8-contact-002.jpg %})

Grady are also your contact for:

- Reporting lost keys and fobs (so the latter can be deactivated)
- Ordering new keys and fobs (not available from Bunnings or general locksmiths).

Note: A recent audit identified a problem with the ‘Lodge a Ticket’ QR code, which Grady are investigating. If you can’t lodge a ticket, or if Grady don’t respond ‘within 1 business day’, as promised, please let us know
at our EC email address below.

### Are we charged more for after-hours calls?

Yes, and reasonably so. We appreciate this Grady service and we _want_ you to call them for 'Emergency Maintenance' as the notice says. However, please call the next business day if you are confident the matter can wait.

## Building Manager

Here’s our Building Manager, Paul Hattersley, so you’ll recognise him when you see him around:

![]({% link assets/images/pages/8-contact-003.jpg %})

## Can I contact the Executive Committee (EC) directly?

The Strata Manager should be your primary contact. However, contact us directly if you are not satisfied. Renters, please contact us through your landlord or their agent.

Our email address is: ec@southport.apartments

Please be patient if we do not answer immediately. We are volunteers who only meet monthly.

## Webmaster

For corrections or suggestions for this website, please email:

webmaster@southport.apartments

## Facebook?

The Owners Corporation is not affiliated with any of the Facebook Groups and does not use Facebook for official communications.

Commit message:

Add link for QR code

pages/8-contact.md, after:

---
layout: basic
title: "Contact"
header_transparent: true
permalink: "/contact/"

hero:
  enabled: true
  heading: "Contact"
  sub_heading: "We’re here for you."
  text_color: "#FFFFFF"
  background_color: "#1d2830"
  background_gradient: true
  background_image: "/assets/images/pages/banner-small.png"
  background_image_blend_mode: overlay
  fullscreen_mobile: false
  fullscreen_desktop: false
---

## Address

Our two addresses are just around the corner from each other:

- 35 Oakden Street, Greenway ACT 2900 (for ‘Stage 1’)
- 235 Anketell Street, Greenway ACT 2900 (for ‘Stage 2’)

You can find us on [Apple Maps](https://maps.apple.com/?address=9/35%20Oakden%20St%20Greenway%20ACT%202900%20Australia&ll=-35.421219149.073038&q=9/35%20Oakden%20St&t=m) or [Google Maps](https://maps.app.goo.gl/PmMT6aWhkqnXbuM36).

## Who do I call?

Our Building Manager has posted this notice in the entrances and lifts:

![]({% link assets/images/pages/8-contact-002.jpg %})

If you prefer, [this is the link for the QR code](https://gradystrata.my.smata.com/jobs/new).

Grady are also your contact for:

- Reporting lost keys and fobs (so the latter can be deactivated)
- Ordering new keys and fobs (not available from Bunnings or general locksmiths).

Note: A recent audit identified a problem with the ‘Lodge a Ticket’ QR code, which Grady are investigating. If you can’t lodge a ticket, or if Grady don’t respond ‘within 1 business day’, as promised, please let us know at our EC email address below.

### Are we charged more for after-hours calls?

Yes, and reasonably so. We appreciate this Grady service and we _want_ you to call them for 'Emergency Maintenance' as the notice says. However, please call the next business day if you are confident the matter can wait.

## Building Manager

Here’s our Building Manager, Paul Hattersley, so you’ll recognise him when you see him around:

![]({% link assets/images/pages/8-contact-003.jpg %})

## Can I contact the Executive Committee (EC) directly?

The Strata Manager should be your primary contact. However, contact us directly if you are not satisfied. Renters, please contact us through your landlord or their agent.

Our email address is: ec@southport.apartments

Please be patient if we do not answer immediately. We are volunteers who only meet monthly.

## Webmaster

For corrections or suggestions for this website, please email:

webmaster@southport.apartments

## Facebook?

The Owners Corporation is not affiliated with any of the Facebook Groups and does not use Facebook for official communications.
